Everyone, we are all Qiao Chu of Jade Sword,
The product is right in front of you.
If there is a test item here,
On behalf of Tianmei Group, I can
Put all the items here to put out the fire.
Where did you get these cloud materials?
These red fees are cut off from the original box that was just acquired.
Impossible! That original frame is the message that I know you want to buy the frame,
Deliberately released false news! That’s a waste!
Yes, that box was indeed a fee box before.
But in the frame time of the newly mined frame mouth,
The output of red and purple fees is extremely high.
So you don’t let the original team
Go to the new frame and collect the original gold.
At that time, the ownership of the Yuan Shi Frame had not yet been handed over.
It's reasonable for me not to let you pull her.
By the way, one more thing
I would like to express my sincere thanks to Master Liu for testing the translation here.
I really can't get such a good thing
What you said was all prepared in advance.
How can it be possible to sue for property and abolition of rights in such a bad situation?
If you have the ability, you can help us get used to it on the spot.
Okay, you can adjust the things here as you like.
You choose me to explain on the spot
Okay, let me see how you end it